a way that you can tell on who you can really rely on is just observing
those individuals during stressful situations you're gonna be able
to see you know who's able to overcome that stress and who might buckle
under the pressure and the people that buckle under that pressure
those are people that you probably are going to be able to rely on
very well and maybe you need to work with them in order to bring them
up and the folks where those stressful situations occur and they're
still able to move forward and stay focused and get the job done
those of the individual that you know you're gonna be able to rely
on in future sits